Document SQL Views *_active (#10)
France-ioi/algorea-devdoc: groups/data-schema.md

Groups are implemented through the `groups` db table. A group can be either a user, a group of users, or a set of groups. The user-group relationship is implemented through the `users.self_group_id` property. The relationship between groups, an acyclic graph, is implemented through `groups_groups` table, the hierarchy is cached through `groups_ancestors`.

> Both `groups_groups` and `groups_ancestors` tables have a `expires_at` field. If `expires_at` contains a date in the past, then the relation has expired. This is used for contests which are only available until a specific date.

Reviewer: Not really.

Instead:
```suggestion
Both `groups_groups` and `groups_ancestors` tables have a `expires_at` field. If `expires_at` contains a date in the past, then the relation has expired. This is used for revoking access to contest tasks once user's participation has ended.
```
